Remove unneeded conftest imports and add documentation in test_execd and test_agentd (#1235)
wazuh/wazuh-qa: docs/tests/integration/test_agentd/test_agentd_parametrized_reconnections.md

> # Test AgentD parametrized reconnection

Author: Done in https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-qa/pull/1235/commits/0dc8bbd8b5b38fa46f06e22dc11d5ea0a1d54cca

## Overview

These tests will check that the connection is finally made when
there are delays between connection attempts to the server.

## Objective

> The objective is to check how AgentD behaves when there are delays between connection attempts
> to RemoteD using `TCP` and `UDP` protocols.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The objective is to check how wazuh-agentd behaves when there are delays between connection attempts
to wazuh-remoted using `TCP` and `UDP` protocols.
```

Author: Done in https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-qa/pull/1235/commits/0dc8bbd8b5b38fa46f06e22dc11d5ea0a1d54cca

## General info

|Tier | Platforms | Number of tests | Time spent |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
| 0 | Linux/Windows | 9 | 18m 39s |

## Expected behavior

Success if the agent connects with the manager, failure otherwise.

## Testing

The tests are based on testing a different number of connection attempts and time between

> them and then, verifying that the connection between AgentD and RemoteD is finally successful. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
them and then, verify if the connection between wazuh-agentd and wazuh-remoted is finally successful. 
```

Author: Done in https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-qa/pull/1235/commits/0dc8bbd8b5b38fa46f06e22dc11d5ea0a1d54cca
